Bye, Buddy.
Bye.
How did I give her the wrong idea?
How did I let my guard down?
If I see her again,
I’ll make sure she gets the right message.
In the past,
I would have witnessed immediately
in a situation like that.
What changed?
I’ve always been busy,
but maybe I’ve let my busy life
start to crowd out the important things,
like my Bible reading.
That night I did some research,
and I found Ephesians 5:25.
“Husbands, continue loving your wives,
just as the Christ
also loved the congregation.”
I needed more though.
Verse 26 stood out to me.
There it says what Jesus
does for the congregation,
“. . . cleansing it with the bath of water
by means of the word.”
If I’m going to stay
morally and spiritually clean,
I need to read God’s Word every day.